From Nixa Records TRB 18400:

The ideas that have shaped each track on this record have an immense history of people and thought that cannot be directly credited. The group of musicians, artists, and intellectuals that appear on this record are in some ways incidental. The performers are vital to the realization of this thought, but do not make up any strict ensemble, and in some cases do not know each other. What unifies it all is the artistic curation and vision of Lynda T. Alden.

Lynda T. Alden. Composer, pianist, and vocalist; lead composer and organizer for all tracks save Duet for Clarinet in D major. Pianist on Stardust, and Circular Blues. Vocalist on Introduction into the Concepts of Trickism, Contract, and Amendment.

Zheanna Erose Huff. Composer, instrumentalist, and vocalist; Guitarist on The Cuckoo. Vocalist on Wilt Thou Unkind Thus Reave Me?

Clara Burton. Vocalist and Actress; Vocalist on The Cuckoo.

Roy Reintjes. Composer and instrumentalist; Composer for Duet for Clarinet in D major. Percussion on The Cuckoo.

Peter Smith. Clarinetist; Clarinetist on The Cuckoo and Duet for Clarinet in D major

Mark Walton. Clarinetist; Clarinetist on Duet for Clarinet in D major

James Malles. Pianist; Pianist on A Lesson

Side A
Introduction into the concepts of Trickism
Contract
The coukoo
Wilt thou unkind thus reeve me?
Amendment
Side B
Duet for clarinet in D major
Allegro
Adagio
scherzo
Allegro
A lesson
Stardust
Circular blues

Trickism is an artistic movement that began in the last decade. It stated in the United States of America and developed out of the Surrealist movement. 

Trickism works to create a chimerical surrealist experience in audience members by making them question themselves before they question the art. This is typically achieved by taking basic, fundamental assumptions about a medium and disrupting those assumptions. For example, it can be assumed that language and speech holds conceptual meaning; this assumption can be negated by the creation of text that holds no significant meaning. If the text is in english and the audience is english speaking than they will likely question their own inability to comprehend before questioning the text’s lack of meaning. The resulting moment of chimerical confusion is the defining feature of Trickism.

Trickism as an artistic movment incompaces all art forms. This record explores Trickism through music composition. As with all art, Trickism’s ability to resonate depends on the audience's background. The collection of ten Trickist works on this record are intended as a broad exploration into Trickist thought, and therefore will resonate differently among people.

Trickism is a new movement, and the hope with this record is to help initiate a conversation about Trickism and music. These ideas are meant to be engaging and inspiring. This record as well as the Triskist movement is for all men, the Artist, the Intellectual, and the Laymen.

Nixa Records Co. Ltd., 66, Haymarket, London, S.W.I.
4.0.100 Essex Music Limited, 7NJ TRB 18400. © 1951
Made in England
